# Meeting Minutes
**Date: 3/21/2024.**


## Agenda
1. Review all new changes
2. Merge all necessary changes.
4. Continue working on the implementation of the game, updated documents and discussed next steps.


## Notes
1. Muhammed demonstrated his new changes to the UI and his game features.
2. Merged all pull requests and got the github in order.
3. Discussed next steps and due dates.   

## Action Items (what we plan to start working on, like a personal sprint) 
* Group Member `Brandon Walker`
    * Action Item 1: Connect Combat loop to interface
    * Action Item 2: Correct interface layout for the dungeon
* Group Member `Muhammed Abushamma`
    * Action Item 1: Finish final design specification document
    * Action Item 2: Create a book of monsters feature to the library panel.
    * Action Item 3: Figure out how to auto-scale game screen.
    * Action Item 4: Make buy/sell panels more aesthetic.
    * Action Item 5: Look into overlaying googley eyes onto monster and character assests. 
* Group Member `Luke Davidson`
    * Action Item 1: Design characters and additives to the background
    * Action Item 2: Start working on the presentation using PowerPoint and sharing in a Google Drive.
* Group Member `Adrien Abbey`
    * Action Item 1: Potions class
    * Action Item 2: Equipment class
    * Action Item 3: More monsters
    * Action Item 4: Implement Boss subclass
  
## Contributors
* Luke Davidson
* Muhammed Abushamma
* Brandon Walker
* Adrien Abbey