# Meeting Minutes
**Date:**

## Agenda
- **Theme**: keeping what we're doing, mix of MS Paint and AI generated.  But with more googley eyes.  Also for the presentation?
- **Game name is still hotly contested**.  This will be fixed, regardless of Luke's efforts.
- **Update documentation with new features?**
- **Consolidate plans**: 
	- Code Freeze on Apr. 5!  Aim for MVP goals.
	- Have our individual work done by Mar. 29.
	- Following week is reserved for testing, balancing, and debugging.
- **Presentation is April 11th**.  Luke is focusing on this.  He brilliantly shared an editable Google Drive link.
- **Adrien's Goals**:
	- Potions class 
	- Equipment class
	- More monsters, at least 10.
	- Implement Boss Subclass
- **Brandon**:
	- Combat needs fixed.
- **Mo**:
	- stuff
- **Luke**:
	- UI stuff for combat.
- *Reminder: sign meeting notes.*

## Notes
1. Response to Item 1
2. Response to Item 2
3. Response to Item 3

## Action Items
* Group Member `n`
    * Action Item 1
    * Action Item 2
    * Action Item 3

## Contributors
Remove this line. Each Member should directly add their name as a _separate commit_ from the creation of the meeting-minutes.md file
*
*
*
*
