# Meeting Minutes
**Date:** 4/8/24

## Agenda
1. Fix loading and saving
2. Add to presentation more
3. Iron out any last tasks or details

## Notes
### Required Todo:
1. MVP code requirements finished.
2. Presentation slides finished.
3. Documentation, Meeting Minutes: Signatures.
4. Copy of Google Slides as a file included on GitHub.
5. Git release of final code *AFTER* all above is completed.

## Action Items
* Group Member `Adrien`
  - Clean up and reorganize where needed.
  - Offer help where needed
* Group Member `Brandon`
  - Make video clips
  - Offer help where needed
* Group Member `Mo`
  - Add Potions to Bazaar
  - UI Scaling
* Group Member `Luke`
  - Finalize presentation
  - Offer help where needed

## Contributors
* Brandon Walker
* Luke Davidson
* Adrien Abbey
* 

